content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Aaron Caldwell

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: ORISE Postdoctoral Fellow

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: USARIEM
  url: "https://www.usariem.army.mil/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Aaron is an exercise physiologist by training and also does some work as an applied statistician.

interests:
- Environmental & Exercise Physiology
- Applied Statistics

education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. in Health, Sport, and Exercise Science
    institution: University of Arkansas
    year: 2019
  - course: M.Sc. in Kinesiology
    institution: Texas Christian University
    year: 2015
  - course: B.Sc. in Exercise Science
    institution: Baker University
    year: 2009

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/ExPhysStudent
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=p8VBenoAAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/arcaldwell49
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Aaron is an exercise physiologist with a Ph.D. in Health, Sport, and Exercise Science from the University of Arkansas. He currently works as ORISE Postdoctoral Fellow at the United States Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine where his research projects are focused on human performance in extreme environments (heat, cold, and altitude). In addition, Aaron is a applied statistician.  He has gained expertise in statistics through a Graduate Certificate in Statistics & Research Methods program at the University of Arkansas and has published two R packages (`Superpower` and `mbir`) on CRAN.


Aaron's statistics and coding work can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/arcaldwell49)

Learn about his academic work on [ResearchGate](https://researchgate.net/profile/Aaron_Caldwell).

Commit message:

Update end 2021 part 1
Checking to see if linking pdf works

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: Aaron Caldwell

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: ORISE Postdoctoral Fellow

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: USARIEM
  url: "https://www.usariem.army.mil/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: Hello, and welcome to my website. I am exercise physiologist by training and also work as an applied statistician (Graduate Statistician by the American Statistical Association).

interests:
- Environmental & Exercise Physiology
- Applied Statistics

education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. in Health, Sport, and Exercise Science
    institution: University of Arkansas
    year: 2019
  - course: M.Sc. in Kinesiology
    institution: Texas Christian University
    year: 2015
  - course: B.Sc. in Exercise Science
    institution: Baker University
    year: 2013

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/ExPhysStudent
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=p8VBenoAAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/arcaldwell49
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
- icon: cv
  icon_pack: ai
  link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Hello and welcome to my website. I am a exercise physiologist with a Ph.D. in Health, Sport, and Exercise Science from the University of Arkansas. Currently, I work as an ORISE Postdoctoral Fellow at the United States Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine (USARIEM) where my current research projects are focused on human performance in extreme environments (heat, cold, and altitude). In addition, I am a applied statistician.  He has gained expertise in statistics through a Graduate Certificate in Statistics & Research Methods program at the University of Arkansas, and I am recognized by the American Statistical Association as a Graduate Statistician (GStat).

My statistics and coding work can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/arcaldwell49)

Learn about my academic work on [ResearchGate](https://researchgate.net/profile/Aaron_Caldwell).
